Added JSON support for reading rules and selectors from pipeline (#858)
microsoft/PSRule: docs/concepts/PSRule/en-US/about_PSRule_Rules.md

    equals: 'standard'
```

### Defining JSON rules

To define a JSON rule use the `Rule` resource in a JSON file.
Each rule must be defined within a `.Rule.jsonc` file following a standard schema.
One or more rules can be defined in a single JSON array separating each rule in a JSON object.

Within the `Rule` resource, the `condition` property specifies conditions to pass or fail the rule.

> Use the `.jsonc` extension to view [JSON with Comments](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/json#_json-with-comments) in Visual Studio Code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rules can also be defined within `.json` files.
We recommend using `.jsonc` to view [JSON with Comments](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/json#_json-with-comments) in Visual Studio Code.
```
